good morning for everyone
well here in this race we measure with
tranquility
we bring a good team
to a young but very strong team
we hope to see a day like today
feeling
four for four months that I do not have
no career we hope you can
find any what are the
advantages of running here on the tour of
san luis truth that is appreciated
in January it's a race of these because
I have a temperature that is
spectacular the europe is a bit worse
with the cold and then this helps us
for
is to get each one with his big
objectives
these are other goals that also
they are good to enforce them for
give a good show to people already
that then what we are here gives us
a great welcome
from we are a comment tube
why
Argentina is a bit like Colombia
so
the races are very well organized
everything is very good so I think that
is the best way to start the
season after you hit us in
Spain with your fall so that you are in
this tour or to extend crowns or
to test sensations indicate the tour
of france and also the comparison of
last year
Well that's what the race will say
I'm not wrong
I come to start picking up the pace but
If the opportunity is given, it could be
dispute the latter for you this year
here in san luis and the turn and the turn
good if the truth after for
start a few months have been quite
hard for me because I obviously wanted to
be in competition but well I think
that right now everything is fine things
they are very well physically
I'm very good so I think that
It seems like it's a bit early to start
be fine but I think for the
races that follow
I will be at my level a ball
for neiro before the responsibility of the
reference number one for the tour of
France, you 're as calm as
appears because the preventive of
natural spaces the study seems that
the thing does not go with you it looks very
quiet we already know that it is like that but
inside you are equal
you can tell the questions how
those start to get very nervous
whether there is
so the edition please
place shai lens I know there are very rivals
powerful
I'm also sure of disabilities
I know I have to prepare very well
to reach that goal
I do things the way I could
I will surely be there in the fight of the
Tour de France
and the first question is for nairo
quintana if this the preparation that
you had last year 3 that was
important and it brought you luck for what
was your success in Europe and then the
second question also goes for
betancourt since they are both
Latin Americans if run on land in
land of this continent means to
you a motivation or does it mean something
something special
Of course it is that this race with a
good level
with
and a high mood because it talks about
won
it served me as preparation to be able
arrive
previous italy as I said it and as
It planned
good last minute last year the
true that the people that we always
treats very well
As I said it is so corny that we are from the
same South Americans
we felt at home if it is a
very cute race very organized the
people are very flirtatious with us
then we are very comfortable still
we have good heat then something that
add and good
while abel the tours are
quite following but let's not say very
very very hard then not
to catch a little rhythm to be
a little quiet and good we are
doing very well here